Privacy Pass API deprecation (#11382)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/api/reference/deprecations.md

Cloudflare occasionally makes updates to our APIs that result in behavior changes or deprecations. When this happens, we will communicate when the API will no longer be available and whether there will be a replacement.

## Privacy Pass API Removal
**End of life date: December 31st, 2023**

In 2017 Cloudflare [announced support](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-supports-privacy-pass/) for Privacy Pass, a recent protocol to let users prove their identity across multiple sites anonymously without enabling tracking. The initial use case was to

> provide untraceable tokens to sites to vouch for users who might otherwise have been presented with a CAPTCHA challenge. In the time

Reviewer: Text wrapping looks odd here.

Author: Markdown rendering will not display anything odd but is there a standard for the
source that should be followed? I see quite a bit of variety here.

Reviewer: Maybe folks from @cloudflare/pcx-technical-writing know, no idea.

Reviewer: Maybe @patriciasantaana, @pedrosousa know.

Reviewer 2: As you said, it has no impact on the rendering. However, as an internal convention, we only add hard line breaks between paragraphs. To make the Markdown content easier to read, you should enable word wrapping on your editor.

While you may find some occurrences of line breaks in the middle of a paragraph, that's not very common, and these line breaks are usually removed when we update such content.

Cloudflare occasionally makes updates to our APIs that result in behavior changes or deprecations. When this happens, we will communicate when the API will no longer be available and whether there will be a replacement.

## Privacy Pass API Removal
**End of life date: December 31st, 2023**

> In 2017 Cloudflare [announced support](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-supports-privacy-pass/) for the fledgling draft of Privacy Pass. The initial use case was to
> 
> provide untraceable tokens to sites to vouch for users who might otherwise have been presented with a CAPTCHA challenge. In the time
> 
> since this release, Privacy Pass has evolved both at the [IETF](https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/privacypass/documents/) and within Cloudflare. Privacy Pass tokens are no 
> 
> longer treated as a way to bypass CAPTCHA challenges but instead as one of many signals that contribute to the classification of a user. The Privacy Pass zone setting
> 
> is no longer meaningful to Cloudflare customers as the handling of Privacy Pass tokens is fully automated as Cloudflare support stays up-to-date with the evolving standard.
> 
> In September 2023 support for Privacy Pass tokens as a bypass signal was removed and by the end of 2023 the current public-facing API will be removed as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In 2017 Cloudflare [announced support](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-supports-privacy-pass/) for Privacy Pass, a recent protocol to let users prove their identity across multiple sites anonymously without enabling tracking. The initial use case was to
provide untraceable tokens to sites to vouch for users who might otherwise have been presented with a CAPTCHA challenge. In the time
since this release, Privacy Pass has evolved both at the [IETF](https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/privacypass/documents/) and within Cloudflare. The version announced in 2017 is now considered legacy, and these legacy Privacy Pass tokens are no 
longer supported as an alternative to Cloudflare challenges. As has been discussed on our blog [The end road for CAPTCHA](https://blog.cloudflare.com/end-cloudflare-captcha/), Cloudflare uses a variety of signals to infer if incoming traffic is likely automated. The (legacy) Privacy Pass zone setting
is no longer meaningful to Cloudflare customers as Cloudflare now operates [CAPTCHA free](https://blog.cloudflare.com/turnstile-ga/), and supports the latest [Privacy Pass draft](https://blog.cloudflare.com/eliminating-captchas-on-iphones-and-macs-using-new-standard/).
In September 2023 support for legacy Privacy Pass tokens as an alternative to Cloudflare Managed Challenge was removed and by the end of 2023 the current public-facing API will be removed as well.
```

Deprecated API:
 - GET zones/:zone_identifier/settings/privacy_pass
 - POST zones/:zone_identifier/settings/privacy_pass

## ChaCha20 TLS Cipher Removal

> **End of life date: July 1st, 2023**

Reviewer 3: does this come from linting? if not, let's not update it in the same commit.
